{\rtf1\ansi\uc0\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fcharset0 Hack Nerd Font;}{\f2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\snext0\f0\fs22\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\widctlpar{\*\stloverrides\f0\fs22\widctlpar} Normal;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0\f0\fs28\b\kerning28\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\widctlpar\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\fs28\b\kerning28\keepn\sb240\sa60\outlinelevel0} heading 1;}{\s2\sbasedon0\snext0\f0\fs24\b\i\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\widctlpar\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\fs24\b\i\keepn\sb240\sa60\outlinelevel1} heading 2;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0\f0\fs22\b\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\widctlpar\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\b\keepn\sb240\sa60\outlinelevel2} heading 3;}{\*\cs4\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs5\additive\sbasedon4\super Footnote Reference;}{\*\cs6\additive\sbasedon4\super Endnote Reference;}}{\*\listtable}{\*\listoverridetable}{\*\generator Atlantis Word Processor 4.4.5.0;}{\info{\operator saket}{\creatim\yr2025\mo4\dy15\hr23\min47\sec51}{\revtim\yr2025\mo4\dy16\hr0\min40\sec35}{\author saket}{\nofcharsws1217}{\nofchars1496}{\nofwords240}{\nofpages2}{\version2}}\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\ftnbj\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnnrlc\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\endnhere\pgndec\pgncont\sftnbj\sftnstart1\sftnrstcont\sftnnar\saftnstart1\saftnrstcont\saftnnrlc\sectfullsaved\fet0\pard\plain\f2\fs24\qc\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\sb240\sa60\s1\f1\fs28\b\kerning28\lang1033  Assignment \u8211  18 \Maintaining the Integrity of your Data. \\pard\b0\cf1\kerning0 1) Create a table called Cityorders. This will contain the same onum, amt and snum fields as the Orders table, and the same cnum and city fields as the Customers table, so that each customer’s order will be entered into this table along with his or her city. Onum will be the primary key of Cityorders. All of the fields in Cityorders will be constrained to match the Customers and Orders tables. Assume the parent keys in these tables already have the proper constraints. \\b ANSWER÷\\b0 CREATE TABLE Cityorders (\    Onum INT PRIMARY KEY,\    Amt FLOAT(7,2),\    Snum INT,\    Cnum INT,\    City VARCHAR(20),\    FOREIGN KEY (Onum) REFERENCES Orders(Onum),\    FOREIGN KEY (Snum) REFERENCES salespeople(Snum),\    FOREIGN KEY (Cnum) REFERENCES customers(Cnum),\    FOREIGN KEY (City) REFERENCES customers(City)\);\\2) Redefine the Orders table as follows:- add a new column called {\i prev}, which will identify, for each order, the onum of the previous order for that current customer. Implement this with a foreign key referring to the Orders table itself. The foreign key should refer as well to the cnum of the customer, providing a definite enforced link between the current order and the one referenced. \\b ANSWER÷\\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\b0\cf0 mysql> ALTER TABLE Orders\    -> ADD COLUMN prev INT,\    -> ADD CONSTRAINT fk_prev_order\    ->     FOREIGN KEY (prev) REFERENCES Orders(Onum)\    ->     ON DELETE SET NULL;\Query OK, 14 rows affected (0.07 sec)\Records: 14  Duplicates: 0  Warnings: 0\\lang16393\}